pkg/test/e2eutil: wait for a deployment to have >= n replicas (#2248)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

### Removed

### Bug Fixes

> - WaitForDeployment and WaitForOperatorDeployment from pkg/test/e2eutil successfully complete waiting when the available replica count is greater than the minimum replica count required. ([#2248](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2248))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix `WaitForDeployment` and `WaitForOperatorDeployment` from`pkg/test/e2eutil` successfully complete waiting when the available replica count are equals or greater than the minimum replica count required. ([#2248](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2248))
```

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure this is a bug fix. Seems more like a change/improvement to me.

Also to build on @camilamacedo86's suggestion, WDYT of this for the CHANGELOG line:
```suggestion
- Updated `pkg/test/e2eutil.WaitForDeployment()` and `pkg/test/e2eutil.WaitForOperatorDeployment()` to successfully complete waiting when the available replica count is _at least_ (rather then exactly) the minimum replica count required. ([#2248](https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-sdk/pull/2248))
```

Author: That sounds good to me. I've updated the changelog. Thank you both for the help!
